Update scopes in chat-related methods. (#976)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/index.mdx

### Transfer Chat

> Transfers a chat to an agent or a group. If transferring directly to an agent, then they must have access to the chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transfers a chat to an agent or a group. When transferring directly to an agent, the agent must have access to the transferred chat. 
```
